The Elements of JavaScript Programming: exercises for week 3
============================================================

Exercise 1
----------

Write a function `keys` that returns the property names of an object as an
array.

Exercise 2
----------

Write a function `charFreq` that takes a string and returns an object where the
property names are characters and the values are how often that character
appears in the string.

Exercise 3
----------
Write a `dangerousDelete` function that accepts an object and a property name
as arguments. It should delete the property with that name from the object. If
the property is also defined on that object's prototype, it should delete it
from there as well.

Exercise 4
----------

Create a double-ended queue with the following methods: `push`, `pop`, `shift`
and `unshift`. Implement it _without_ using the built-in array type as a store.
One possible implementation would be using a linked list as the store.

Exercise 5
----------

Write a function `zip` that accepts two arrays as arguments and returns a
single array where each element is a two-element array consisting of the
element at that index in the first array, and the element at that index in the
second array.

Exercise 6
----------

Write a function `zipWith` that accepts a function and two arrays, and returns
a single array whose element at any index is the result of passing the element
at that index in the first array and the element at that index in the second to
the function as arguments.

Exercise 7
----------

Write a function `zip2` that re-implements `zip` in terms of `zipWith`.

Exercise 8
----------

Reimplement the `forEach` method on arrays as `forEach2`. It should iterate
over every element of an array and pass that element as an argument to the
provided function. The current array index and the array object should be
passed in as supplementary arguments. Extra credit: add a second (optional)
scope argument to the method, allowing the value of `this` inside the function
to be modified.
